Dad save me
It's not impossible to save you
Give me a reason to help you first.
You are good
Just give me a slap, what do you want?
What do you think?
Sorry, I was wrong.
Can you forgive me?
Please help me
For the sake of being a royal sister and best friend
This time, I will have a lot of adults and don't care about you.
Then it will be troublesome for the opposite brother.
Call dad dad
Good boy
When shall we start then?
Do you want to completely clean out the replenishment in your body?
Of course, yeah.
Then help me find out where there is an auction house.
Are you auctioning off treasures or antiques?
What does this have to do with ancient insects?
You want to hear me say I don't practice enough
Still want to say
I need to use treasure
Can I help you completely clean up the ancient insects in your body?
So do you want to hurry up or not?
Don't say it every day in your heart
Of course I thought about it. Needless to say?
Do as I say
OK, I see.